Add geodistance query documentation (#7607)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _query-dsl/geo-and-xy/geodistance.md

      },
      "filter": {
        "geo_distance": {
          "distance": "50mi",
          "point": {
            "lat": 73.5,
            "lon": 40.5
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

The response contains the matching document:

```json
{
  "took": 5,
  "timed_out": false,
  "_shards": {
    "total": 1,
    "successful": 1,
    "skipped": 0,
    "failed": 0
  },
  "hits": {
    "total": {
      "value": 1,
      "relation": "eq"
    },
    "max_score": 1,
    "hits": [
      {
        "_index": "testindex1",
        "_id": "1",
        "_score": 1,
        "_source": {
          "point": {
            "lat": 74,
            "lon": 40.71
          }
        }
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

## Request fields

Geodistance queries accept the following fields.

Field | Data type | Description
:--- | :--- | :--- 
`_name` | String | The name of the filter. Optional.
`distance` | String | The distance within which to match the points. This distance is the radius of a circle centered at the specified point. For supported distance units, see [Distance units]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/common-parameters/#distance-units). Required.

> `distance_type` | String | Specifies how to calculate the distance. Valid values are `arc` or `plane` (faster but inaccurate for long distances or points close to the poles). Optional. Default is `arc`.

Reviewer: What does `arc` do?

Author: Arc is distance is a way to calculate distance between two points on a sphere. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geographical_distance

`validation_method` | String | The validation method. Valid values are `IGNORE_MALFORMED` (accept geopoints with invalid coordinates), `COERCE` (try to coerce coordinates to valid values), and `STRICT` (return an error when coordinates are invalid). Optional. Default is `STRICT`.

> `ignore_unmapped` | Boolean | Specifies whether to ignore an unmapped field. If set to `true`, the query does not return any documents that have an unmapped field. If set to `false`, an exception is thrown when the field is unmapped. Optional. Default is `false`.

Reviewer: Does this setting work with multiple fields?

> `ignore_unmapped` | Boolean | Specifies whether to ignore an unmapped field. If set to `true`, the query does not return any documents that have an unmapped field. If set to `false`, an exception is thrown when the field is unmapped. Optional. Default is `false`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`ignore_unmapped` | Boolean | Specifies whether to ignore an unmapped field. If set to `true`, then the query does not return any documents that contain an unmapped field. If set to `false`, then an exception is thrown when the field is unmapped. Optional. Default is `false`.
```

## Accepted formats

> You can specify the geopoint coordinates when indexing a document and searching for documents in any [format]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/opensearch/supported-field-types/geo-point#formats) that the geopoint field type accepts.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can specify the geopoint coordinates when indexing a document and searching for documents in any [format]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/opensearch/supported-field-types/geo-point#formats) accepted by the geopoint field type.  
```
